Many test conversations including a graphic.
Practice listening for conversations that include a graphic.
Listen to these conversations and choose the most appropriate answer.
A, B, C or D for each question.
Questions one through three refer to the following conversation and sign.
I'm exhausted. We've been here since nine o'clock.
I know. There's just so much to see though, isn't there?
It's incredible. I had no idea it was so big.
How about having a quick bite to eat?
The sign over there says there's a cafeteria up on the next level.
Okay. I could do with a sit down.
And the Greek sculpture exhibit is up there too.
We can have a look around at that afterwards before we leave.
One, why does the woman say it's incredible?
Two, what does the man suggest they do?
Three, look at the graphic. Which level will the speakers go to?
Questions four through six refer to the following conversation and notice.
Hello. I'd like to go to the business park.
Which bus do I need please?
You need number nine. It's the stop at the far end of the terminal.
But you've just missed one I'm afraid.
Oh no, really?
It leaves at a quarter after the hour, so the next one isn't until 10.15.
Hmm.
Why don't you sit in the waiting room?
There are radiators in there so you can stay warm and a coffee vending machine.
Good idea. I'll do that.
Four, look at the graphic. What is the final destination of the man's bus?
Five, how often does the man's bus run?
Six, what can be inferred from the conversation?
Questions seven through nine refer to the following conversation and advertisement.
Hello. I saw your advertisement in my community newsletter and I'm wondering if you could come over and clean the carpet in my condo.
Sure. How many rooms?
Just one, but it's a living dining room and it's quite big.
Hmm. And what condition is it in?
I mean, is the carpet badly stained? Did you spill something on it?
No, it's just I'm planning to put my condo on the market next month and I want everything to look fresh and clean.
I see.
Can you come this week? Tomorrow morning would be good for me.
Let me check.
Actually, I have a cancellation at three o'clock this afternoon. How does that sound?
Seven, why does the woman want her carpet cleaned?
Eight, when does the man say he can carry out the work?
Nine, look at the graphic. How much will the woman pay for the service?
Questions 10 through 12 refer to the following conversation and graph.
Hi, Susan. Have you looked at the results of the server yet?
You know, the questionnaire we handed out to visitors last month.
Yes. I went through them yesterday. Here you are.
Look at the graph for question five, where we asked what feature they most enjoyed.
What? The restaurant was that popular?
Yes. After the butterfly pavilion, it was their favorite place of the day.
But we're a botanic garden. You think visitors will be interested in the plants?
Well, the pavilion still got the highest number of votes. As usual.
Even so, sometimes I think we might as well just build another restaurant instead of expand our collection of plants.
Ten, when was the survey carried out?
Eleven, how does the man feel?
Twelve, look at the graphic. Which feature of the botanic garden is represented by bar two on the chart?
