Many test, making inferences.
Practice listening for inference and implied meaning.
Listen to these conversations and choose the most appropriate answer,
A, B, C, or D for each question.
Questions 1 through 3 refer to the following conversation.
Have you seen these customer feedback forms, Colin?
Yes, they're not very good, are they?
I'm afraid not.
Scores are pretty low across the board, especially customer service.
Yeah, people seem more or less OK with the signal strength and the network speed,
but the wait time for the call centers is the biggest issue.
It's taking up to 30 minutes to get through.
Yeah, and lots of complaints about increases in charges for international calls.
We need to pass these on to head office.
1, what does the woman mean when she says, I'm afraid not?
2, where do the speakers most likely work?
3, how do the speakers probably feel?
Questions 4 through 6 refer to the following conversation.
Sorry, I left my card at home by mistake.
Can I still get in?
Do you have any ID, a driver's license, for example?
No, I left that at home as well.
I only have a credit card. It has my name on it though. Is that any good?
I'm afraid we need a picture ID.
Oh, dear.
But if you go to the registration office, they'll look you up on our system and give you a temporary pass.
You won't be able to borrow any books, but you can come in.
Just down the corridor to the left.
Great! Thanks a lot!
4, what does the woman mean when she says, is that any good?
5, what can be inferred about the woman?
6, where most likely is the conversation taking place?
Questions 7 through 9 refer to the following conversation.
Hey, Janice, there's a jazz band on at that new place on Fifth Avenue tonight.
You know, Chicago's. I was thinking about going.
It sounds great, Kevin, but I go to the gym on Thursdays. Maybe next time?
Sure. I think they have live music most evenings. At least that's what Mike said. He seems to be there all the time.
7, what does the man talk to the woman?
8, what can be inferred from the conversation?
9, what does the man imply about Mike?
Questions 10 through 12 refer to the following conversation with three speakers.
Do you know when the presentations start?
They're all after the plenary, I think.
Oh, yes. That's in the West Room, isn't it?
Right.
Who's the speaker?
Someone called Dr. Hopper.
Never heard of him?
It says in the program he is the CEO of Sports International. Why don't you both take a look? Here. There's a picture.
Hey, he was on my table just now at breakfast. I didn't speak with him, but he seemed a nice guy.
10, where most likely is this conversation taking place?
11, what does the woman mean when she says, right?
12, what can be inferred about the speakers?
