Part 4. Try it out. Directions
You will hear four short talks given by a single speaker.
For each short talk, read the three questions and the four answer choices that follow each question.
Select the most appropriate answer, A, B, C or D. Then mark your answer.
You will hear each short talk only once.
Questions 1 through 3 refer to the following announcement and directory.
Good afternoon and welcome to Martlet's department store.
Every follower of fashion knows you can't have too many pairs of shoes
and that's why Martlet's is offering 10% off all women's, men's and children's winter shoes and boots.
Yes, 10%.
There are also discounts on other selected products around the store, so don't miss out.
Check out these bargains today on floors 1 through 3.
And don't forget all you fashion lovers.
At 2.30 today, there will be a free fashion show in the Fountain Restaurant
which will give you a preview of our new summer collection.
No tickets needed. Just turn up.
Thank you for shopping at Martlet's.
1. Who most likely are the listeners?
2. What is this announcement mainly about?
3. Look at the graphic. Where are listeners encouraged to go at 2.30?
Questions 4 through 6 refer to the following voicemail message.
Hi, Matthew. This is Lee from Information Technology.
I need to talk to you about the new computer system we are designing for you.
There's just one thing I'm not sure about.
In your last email, you asked us to add an online search function, but we haven't included this in the cost.
Obviously, this isn't as simple as it sounds, and in fact, means a lot more work.
So it's probably a good idea if we meet up to discuss the financial implications.
I'm free next Tuesday afternoon.
Please let me know if that's good for you.
4. What is the speaker talking about?
5. What does the speaker mean when he says he wants to discuss the financial implications?
6. What does the speaker suggest?
Questions 7 through 9 refer to the following announcement.
Welcome, everyone.
As your chairman, it is with great pleasure that I can announce Mrs. Gifford has agreed to become the new President of CAM Industries.
As you know, Mrs. Gifford has been Vice President here for three years now since she first came to us.
And in a very challenging market, she has helped to make CAM Industries stronger and more competitive.
At a time when many of our rivals are struggling to survive, thanks to her efforts, business for us has never been better.
As chairman, I am delighted that she has accepted the position.
So please, join me in a round of applause to congratulate Mrs. Gifford in her new role, which she will start next month.
7. What is Mrs. Gifford's current position?
8. When did Mrs. Gifford join the company?
9. What does the speaker ask the audience to do?
Questions 10 through 12 refer to the following speech.
Thank you for coming here today.
I am very proud that after almost one year of renovation, work is finally finished and the Space Museum now has a brand new gift shop.
It covers three times the area of the previous shop and as you can see, has a huge variety of posters, postcards, books, games and other products that I am sure will prove popular.
Shortly, the renovation of the cafeteria will also be completed and we hope and expect sales in both facilities to contribute in no small part towards the financial success of the museum for many years to come.
10. Where is the event being held?
11. What is the purpose of the speech?
12. What does the speaker mention?
