Questions about opinions.
1.
Well, that was an interesting experience.
Interesting? Huh, I guess you could say that. The guy on the violin was terrible.
Not what I was expecting.
Oh, I couldn't hear the piano at all. I think one of the microphones was broken.
Yes, it's a shame. At least it was only an hour.
1. What do the speakers think of the concert?
2.
Those plastic bottles go in the blue bin, not the black bin.
Oh, right, sorry. It's so difficult to remember what goes where.
Just read the poster on the wall over there. It's simple.
Maybe for you, but I'm not used to all these bins.
2. What is the man's opinion of the recycling procedure?
3. Okay, let's move on to next year's sales targets. Michelle, what are your thoughts?
In my opinion, the targets are very high. We'll be lucky to get anywhere near them.
So, which targets can we achieve?
To tell you the truth, I'd be surprised if we can reach any of them.
3. What does Michelle say about the sales targets for next year?
4. How do you like the new museum shop? It was only finished last week.
I like it, but why is it on the top floor? I didn't expect it to be there.
It's not marked in the leaflet, so it took me ages to work out where it was.
We wanted to put it next to the coffee shop that was the only place in the museum where we had enough space, too.
Well, maybe some signs would help.
4. What does the woman think of the museum's new shop?
5.
5.
It seems we have to either cut costs or lose more staff. There's no other way.
Yes, I agree. If we continue as we are, the company will fail, that's for sure.
So, we have a lot of decisions ahead of us, some very difficult ones, I'm afraid.
Yes, but we have to take them and take them quickly. If we don't, we'll be lucky to survive another six months.
5. What do the speakers think about the company?
6.
How much do you think we should sell the new TX24?
I'd say the price should be around $295. That would make us slightly cheaper than most of the competition.
Well, I think we should aim for $360. It's a quality product, and customers will expect to pay more for it.
But that's 20% more than our rivals. That's a big difference. Do you think anyone would buy it?
6. What does the woman think of the man's suggested price for the TX20?
