Many test listening for main ideas.
Practice listening for all the main idea elements.
The speaker, topic, audience, location, and purpose.
Listen to these short talks and choose the most appropriate answer.
A, B, C, or D for each question.
Questions 1 through 3 refer to the following advertisement.
Mike's Motors is proud to announce our best deal ever.
We are giving all radio skyline listeners a free engine check and a free winter tire check.
And that's not all.
We'll give you a huge 25% off any work we do on your car for the next month.
We are the biggest and best vehicle repair shop in town.
All the work we do comes with a 12 month warranty.
So if you're already one of our loyal customers or if you're new to Mike's Motors,
call now to book your free engine and winter tire checks.
1. What is the purpose of this advertisement?
2. What is being announced?
3. Who is this advertisement directed towards?
4. 6. Refer to the following news report.
Welcome to WNRC Radio's Daily Jobs Bulletin.
I'm your host, Jennifer Duran.
Our top story tonight is the breaking news that Derek Brown, head of Australian Workers
Unite, has called for a national strike.
Mr Brown made the announcement at a press conference three hours ago.
Following the breakdown and contract negotiations between workers and management,
Mr Brown confirmed that the union will instruct its members to stop working as of Monday.
Australian Workers Unite is the largest farm workers union in Australia with over 70,000 members.
The reason for the collapse of the talks is still unclear.
However, sources say it could be due to proposals to cut pay for underperforming employees.
4. What is the report mainly about?
5. Who is the speaker?
6. Where is this report being made?
6. Questions 7-9. Refer to the following talk.
It's wonderful to see so many people here for this evening's lecture.
6. Thank you all for coming and welcome to the Cape Cod Historical Society.
This is the third in our series of lectures to the general public.
As you know, the series is called People and Places.
Today we focus on people and specifically Richard Warren.
Warren is well known as one of the passengers on the Mayflower.
He arrived in this country in November of 1620. Yet little is known about him after he landed here at Cape Cod.
Tonight, local historian Peter Fletcher, who has written a book about the Mayflower,
will try to give us more details about Warren's incredible life.
So, without further ado, please, let's welcome Peter Fletcher.
7. What is the main purpose of this talk?
8. What is the woman mostly talking about?
9. Who is the audience for this talk?
10-12. Refer to the following speech.
Now everyone, I would like to welcome the latest member of our team, Martin Sanchez.
Martin comes to us from Brewster and Sons, where he was sales and marketing manager for 15 years.
He brings with him a great deal of experience and of course ability.
Starting next week, Martin will share his knowledge and expertise with us,
working closely with everyone in the sales and marketing department.
So, as we are finishing up our main course and before our dessert arrives,
let's have a round of applause to welcome Martin to Palco Systems.
10. What is the main purpose of this speech?
11. Who is the speaker talking to?
12. Where is the speech taking place?
